it's another day of struggle for
Palestinians living in the new shums
refugee camp a raid may be over but the
rain has just
begun trying to walk across the street
is hard
enough trying to drive down it is even
harder people can't even reach this area
to shop look how it's all broken and
damaged just hours earlier Israel's Army
once again stormed the king Camp its
armored bulldozers digging up roads its
forces destroying
infrastructure a short walk up a narrow
alley we find Dal Al Khalifa whose
family home was severely damaged during
another incursion 2 weeks ago we stand
next to a gaping hole this used to be
the window she looked out
of I was in the bedroom upstairs when
they start destroying the house I ran to
another room bullets were coming into
the house from every direction they
damage the door and enter our home and
spend 4 hours
here and her family haven't been able to
stay here
since amid the discomfort she has
however found relief in the fact that
none of her children or grandchildren
were hurt while Israeli soldiers
searched the area for armed Palestinian
Fighters a few minutes away even more
wreckage housing structures that have
been knocked down and electricity lines
that have been cut Palestinians here say
this type of Destruction caused by
Israeli forces is a form of collective
punishment but they also believe it goes
beyond that and that by utilizing these
tactics over and over again Israel is
attempting to turn them against the
resistance but no matter the amount of
Devastation everyone we speak with says
that strategy won't
work people are used to this this
doesn't affect the people's support no
it's the opposite it makes people
support the resistance more because this
proves that the fighters are doing the
right thing since October 7th raids by
Israel's Army have only intensified
throughout the occupied West Bank here
it's become part of the fabric of daily
life today residents once again do
whatever they can to repair these roads
but they know the fix will only be
temporary Muhammad Jam Al jaaz at the N
Shams refugee camp in the occupied West
Bank
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz